Quill.js: 
A lightweight and modular rich text editor.
Website
Features: Simple to use, customizable themes, and works well for web applications.

Quill.js provides an easy way to export content as HTML, which is widely supported and can be directly rendered in web pages.

Steps to Store HTML Content:
Get the HTML content:
Use quill.root.innerHTML to retrieve the editor content in HTML format.

javascript
Copy code
const htmlContent = quill.root.innerHTML;
console.log(htmlContent);  // Outputs the HTML string
Store in SQL Database:
Use a TEXT or LONGTEXT column to store the HTML string.

Example SQL Table:

sql
Copy code
CREATE TABLE blog_posts (
    id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    title VARCHAR(255),
    content TEXT,  -- Store HTML content here
    author VARCHAR(100),
    created_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP
);


To implement a comprehensive inventory management system for your daycare, you'll need to design a set of web pages that allow all roles (manager, teachers, receptionist) to interact with the inventory seamlessly. Below is a list of the key web pages and forms you might need for each user type:

1. Manager Pages:
Dashboard (Manager's Home Page):
Overview of the entire inventory (e.g., current stock, items issued, items returned, restocking status, etc.).
Quick links to common tasks such as viewing reports, adding new items, and managing stock.
Inventory Management Page:
Table of Inventory: Displays all items in the system, with columns like item name, category, quantity in stock, and status (available/used/ordered for restock).
Action Buttons: Options to add new items, edit existing items, and delete items.
Inventory Usage Report:
Table of Usage: Shows details of items issued (to teachers, etc.), the quantity taken, and who took them.
Form to View Usage History: Filter by date, teacher, item category, etc., to track usage patterns.
Restocking Page:
Table of Low Stock Items: Alerts or highlights items that need to be restocked based on inventory levels.
Form to Restock Items: Option to input restocking quantities and update stock.
2. Teacher Pages:
A summary of their own usage of items (e.g., what they have taken, if it's still in use, and if it needs to be returned).
Alerts about low stock or items that they have requested but are not available.
Inventory Checkout Page (for Teachers):
Item List with Checkout Option: Teachers can select from a list of available items, mark the quantity they are taking, and confirm.
Mark as Taken: Button to mark an item as taken and add a note if it's for a specific use.
Return Items Form: Teachers can return items they no longer need, specifying the items and quantities.
Usage History:
A view of all items previously taken by the teacher with the ability to view history and mark items as "returned" when they’re done using them.
3. Receptionist Pages:
Receptionist Dashboard:
A basic overview of inventory, showing current stock levels and an alert system for items that are low in stock.
Add New Items Page (for Receptionist):
Form to Add Items: Fields to enter item details such as name, description, category, quantity, price, and any other relevant details.
Option to upload images or labels for each item.
Restocking Items Page:
Form to Update Stock Levels: Option to restock existing items with updated quantities.
Low Stock Alerts: Receptionists can see which items are nearing depletion and take action accordingly.
4. Common Pages/Functionalities:
Login Page:
User authentication for different roles (manager, teacher, receptionist) with role-based access control to ensure users see only relevant pages.
User Profile/Settings Page:
A personal profile page where each user can update their contact information and preferences.
Search and Filter Pages:
Option for all users to search and filter through inventory based on categories, availability, and usage.
Audit/History Log Page:
Displays a log of all inventory changes, including who added items, who took items, restocking activities, and returns.
5. Tables and Forms:
Inventory Table:
Columns might include: Item ID, Item Name, Category, Quantity in Stock, Quantity Issued, Reorder Level, Last Restocked Date, etc.
Item Usage Table:
Columns for tracking who took what items, when, quantity, and any specific remarks on usage.
Restock Table:
Displays restock requests or low-stock items that need to be replenished, with columns like Item Name, Current Stock, Minimum Stock Level, etc.
Return/Replacement Table:
For teachers or users to mark returned or replaced items, including the item name, quantity, and reason for return.